<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">
<h:body>
	<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
		xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
		template="/templates/master.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="title">
		Home
	</ui:define>
		<ui:define name="body">
			<div class="hero-unit">
				<h1>Welcome!</h1>
				<p>The BSNet-DiveLog is an online Dive Log application used for
					tracking all of your diving related information. Anything and
					everything that you have ever needed to keep track of related to
					diving, can be tracked here, in one single location. No more having
					to manage multiple log books, remember old dive buddies, or look up
					insurance &amp; service records.</p>
				<div class="well">
					<p>
						<a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="#{root}register.xhtml"><i
							class="icon-pencil icon-white"></i> Register Now &#187;</a> <a
							class="btn btn-info btn-large pull-right" href="#{root}login.xhtml"><i
							class="icon-lock icon-white"></i> Sign In &#187;</a>
					</p>
				</div>

			</div>
			<div class="row-fluid">
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>All Your Dives</h2>
					<p>DiveLog allows you to track all your dives online in a
						single location. Access your log book from anywhere in the world!</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Photos &amp; Videos</h2>
					<p>Attach photos and videos to all your dives so that you can
						remember the experience and share them with friends!</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Buddy Directory</h2>
					<p>Tired of trying to remember your buddies information? Track
						it all in your private buddy directory!</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Certifications</h2>
					<p>Lose that C-Card? Forget your certification number? No
						Problem, Its all here in DiveLog. You can even add a photo copy!</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
			</div>
			<!--/row-->
			<div class="row-fluid">
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Gear Locker</h2>
					<p>Is your equipment over flowing? Can't keep track of it all?
						No Worries, DiveLog has you covered.</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Service Log</h2>
					<p>Never miss a service again! Track all your equipment
						servicing in DiveLog, and even schedule service reminders!</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Insurance</h2>
					<p>Keep track of all of you and your equipments insurance
						policies and information. Ready at a moments notice.</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
				<div class="span3">
					<h2>Site Map</h2>
					<p>Keep track of all your favorite dive sites, including name,
						location, maps, and more!</p>
				</div>
				<!--/span-->
			</div>
			<!--/row-->
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>